Add Luca's talk from Rust for the Web London (#2345)
mainmatter/mainmatter.com: src/channels/rustweb-london.md

---
title: "Rust for the Web London"
image: "/assets/images/talks/2024-02-07-rustweb-london/logo.png"
url: https://www.meetup.com/rust-london-user-group/events/298413388/
---

> “Rust for the Web” is an event organized by Mainmatter in collaboration with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
“Rust for the Web” in London in February 2024 was an event organized by Mainmatter in collaboration with
```
